Avoid using EXPOSE directive for optional ports (#20)
metabrainz/guidelines: Docker.md

## `Dockerfile`

When building an image that will be run by one (or many) container(s) providing (the same) services,
use the [`EXPOSE` directive](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/builder/#expose)

> with mandatory ports only,
> to document which ports the services are necessarily listening to. If the image will be used to run many
> containers, some of which don't listen on a port, instead use the `expose` option in
> `docker-compose.yml` (see the below section for details) or the `--expose` flag to `docker run`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
only when **all** containers using this image will listen on that port, to document that all services
will be listening on that port. If the image will be used to run many
containers, some of which don't listen on a port, instead use the `expose` option in
`docker-compose.yml` (see the below section for details) or the `--expose` flag to `docker run`
on only the containers which listen on the port.
```
